updated docs for getting started and landing page (#271)
ansys/pydyna: doc/source/getting-started/index.rst

If you're on Windows with Python 3.8, unzip the wheelhouse archive to a ``wheelhouse``
directory and install PyDYNA using the preceding command.

Install the server
------------------
Currently, PyDYNA server is only supported withing a Docker container.

> Future release will support launching the servers directly on local machines as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Future releases support launching the servers directly on local machines as well.
```
